Learning Environment

The learning environment helps me comprehend the course materials.
A classroom environment makes it easier for me to communicate with my instructor.
An online environment makes it easier for me to communicate with my instructor.
A classroom environment makes it easier for me to communicate with my classmates.
An online environment makes it easier for me to communicate with my classmates.
I feel comfortable responding to questions presented in the course.
Because of the course content, I would rather take this class on-campus than online.
The learning environment contributes to my overall satisfaction with the course.
I am more comfortable responding to questions by email than orally.
The course format makes it easier to meet my learning needs.
The value of the learning environment is the primary reason that I enrolled in this course.
The learning environment helps me to learn course materials better.

Face-to-face instruction would help me learn more.
Face-to-face instruction would help me understand the course concepts better.
Face-to-face instruction would be a better way for me to learn the content/course materials.
The face-to-face learning environment would contribute to my overall satisfaction of the course.
My interpersonal skills have improved by taking this course.
Being in a class with face-to-face communication would improve my ability to learn.
I would prefer face-to-face instruction.

My technical skills (email, internet) have improved since taking this course.
Access to the internet/email makes it easier to communicate with my classmates.
The use of technology interferes with my ability to accomplish the required coursework.
Access to the internet/email makes it easier to communicate with my instructor.
I value the use of technology for this course.

I spend more time on my homework than in my other classes.
I feel motivated to turn my homework in on time.
My oral communication skills have gotten better since taking this course.
The course materials support my ability to learn.
I often had to supplement course materials with conversations with my peers.
I feel challenged by the coursework.
Working in groups helps me learn the course materials.
The course environment makes it easy for me to turn my homework in on time.
The course should be a hybrid - including exercices conducted both online and in the classroom.
  

I feel Rec 1000 has improved my group and team building skills.
It was difficult to work with my team because of the course environment.
It was easy to work with my team online because of the course environment.


I utilized Tutorial Service for this course.
I feel I would have gotten more out of this class if I had taken it in another learning environment.
I relied only on materials presented by my instructor for my learning .
The instructor understands the environment and makes it easy to learn.  
I value the online learning environment more than a face to face format.




   